Dear Mario Segal:
 
Congratulations and thank you!  Your abstract for the paper titled Tips and Tricks from a recent SAS Newbie has been accepted for the Quick Tips of NESUG 2013, to be held in Burlington, VT, from September 8 - 11.  The scheduled length of your presentation is 10 minutes, including questions.  
 
This acceptance is conditional upon timely receipt and final review and acceptance of your completed paper and presentation materials.  The deadlines for those are shown below.  We would like to thank you in advance for your efforts and are looking forward to working with you.
 
The designated Primary Presenter must register for, and attend, NESUG 2013 in order for your <paper/poster> to be included in the conference Proceedings.  Please confirm that you intend to attend.  If you will not be able to attend the conference please let us know who will be the Primary Presenter for your paper.  Presenter Information and samples for Presenters can be found on the NESUG web site.  Once you’ve had a chance to look at this and the information below, please hit Reply to let us know you’ve seen and understood this message and will register for and attend the conference.  If you need to make any changes to your name, affiliation or abstract, please send those along as well.
 
NESUG 2013 Important Dates:
1.      A draft paper must be submitted via the NESUG CFP website by June 15. 

2.      A final paper must be submitted via the NESUG CFP website by July 8.  This is what will get published.  This final file must be a PDF.

3.      You must submit a scanned and signed Permission to Publish form

form via the NESUG CFP website.  The form must be signed by all authors of the paper and uploaded by July 8.

4.      A draft presentation file should be uploaded to the CFP website by August 8.

5.      The presenter must register for the NESUG conference between June 17 and July 23.  
You will receive a Primary Presenter discount code from us to use when you register.  Please note that you must register by the early registration deadline to take advantage of the Primary Presenter discount.  Only one Primary Presenter discount per paper is allowed.

6.      A final presentation file must be submitted via the CFP website by September 6.

7.      You will need to make your own travel and hotel arrangements.  The last date for the guaranteed room rate discount is August 9, subject to availability.

8.      The conference dates are September 8 – 11, 2013.  Your presentation may be scheduled for any time during the Monday, Tuesday, or on Wednesday morning.  If you have more than one abstract accepted, we will ensure your presentations aren’t scheduled at the same time.  Beyond that, we can’t guarantee the schedule until late July.  Please plan your travel to allow you to attend a meeting of presenters at 4:00 PM on Sunday, September 8 at the conference hotel.  We will review final details and you can ensure that your presentation is loaded onto the section laptop at that time. 

 
The deadlines above fall in what tends to be popular vacation season.  If you are going to be unavailable around the deadline dates, please upload your file(s) at least a few days before you plan to be away and let us (your section chairs) know that you have done so. 
 
As we prepare for the conference, the really important link is: www.nesug.org.  There’s lots of information available on the NESUG website.  From there, you can find information on the conference, hotel and registration, as well as the Presenters Info tab.  If you have any questions or concerns which aren’t addressed there, please contact us. 
 
Thanks again for your contribution to making NESUG 2013 a successful conference.
 
Your NESUG 2013 Quick Tips Co-Chairs,
 
Jennifer Davies
Mail4jenz@gmail.com
 
Sandeep Reddy
kottamsandeep@gmail.com
 